#summary This is an outline of progress to completion.
#labels Phase-Requirements,Featured,Phase-Design

= Introduction =

RPChess is a C# XNA game developed as an elementary yet highly-customizable strategic Role Playing platform.  At it's root it is both a Chess engine and a Table Top Game simulator.   Supporting open source licensing and free culture it separate the Game specification (Licensed through Creative Commons [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported])and a GPL'd Game Engine.  Using this licensing scheme I will be able to create a unique XNA game licensed to me but open for others to learn from, contribute to or modify.  Basic milestones path is that the game will first be released to Windows with only 2D support.  Next, we will support a Xbox 360 release adding key features of a standard Xbox Arcade title.  Finally we will add support for all possible target platforms mono or .Net based.


== Road Map ==


=== RPChess 0.1 Beta ===

This will be first interactive version.

* Minimal Requirements *

 * Windows Support. (Given since I'm developing with Windows)
 * Minimal 2D GUI. (25% - 2 out of 8 Components complete)
 * Minimal XML specification support.

=== RPChess 1.0 Milestone Release ===

This will be the first official release that is playable on Windows.  It will be released to the community for customization and play-testing.

*Major Features:*

 * Fully Textured 2D GUI.
 * Basic special move support.
 * Basic status effects support.
 * Basic XML specification support.
 * Offline 2 player.
 * Basic AI.
 * Campaign process/statistics saving.
 * Windows Support
 * Basic sound effects.


=== RPChess 2.0 Milestone Release ===

This will be the second official release of RPChess.  This will include major fun factor and impressive features.

*Major New Features:*

 * Full 3D Battle.
 * Full special move support.
 * Full status effects support.
 * Support for up to 4 players.
 * Xbox Live multi-player.
 * Variable Difficulty AI.
 * Xbox 360 Support
 * Music customization support.


=== RPChess 3.0 Milestone Release ===

This will be the multi-platform release.  Supporting all known attainable mono or XNA targets and introducing localization.

* Major New Features *

 * Zune support.
 * Windows - Zune cross-platform play.
 * Xbox - Zune cross-platform play.
 * Mono compile.
 * XNA.Graphics to mono.OpenGL port.
 * XNA.Audio to mono.OpenAL port.
 * Linux 32bit support.
 * Linux 64bit support.
 * Mac OS X support.
 * Linux - OS X cross-platform play.
 * Windows - Linux cross-platform play.
 * Windows - OS X cross-platform play.
 * Localization - French, Japanese, German, Spanish and whatever languages the community will help with.